Update getting-started.md (#575)
lxc/linuxcontainers.org: content/lxc/getting-started.md

Those values should match those found in /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid, the values above are those expected for the first user on a standard Ubuntu system.

> Running unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user only works if you delegate a cgroup in advance (the cgroup2 delegation model enforces this restriction, not liblxc). Use a systemd command to delegate the cgroup; this part of the documention is missing here and elsewhere:
> - https://wiki.debian.org/LXC/CGroupV2
> - https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Linux_Containers
> - https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/LXC

Reviewer: We shouldn't update the documentation to say that content is missing in the docs, but instead we should add the missing content - which can be by adding a link, as you are doing.

```suggestion
Running unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user only works if you delegate a cgroup in advance (the cgroup2 delegation model enforces this restriction, not liblxc). Use a systemd command to delegate the cgroup. See the following links for instructions on how to do this on different distributions:
- [Debian](https://wiki.debian.org/LXC/CGroupV2#LXC_containers_started_by_non-root)
- [Arch Linux](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Linux_Containers#Enable_support_to_run_unprivileged_containers_(optional))
- [Fedora](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/LXC)
```
I can't see the corresponding information in the Fedora docs though - is it in there?

Those values should match those found in /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid, the values above are those expected for the first user on a standard Ubuntu system.

> Running unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user only works if you delegate a cgroup in advance (the cgroup2 delegation model enforces this restriction, not liblxc). Use a systemd command to delegate the cgroup. This part of the documention is missing here and elsewhere:

Reviewer: Now we're back to documenting that documentation is missing. ;)
```suggestion
Running unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user only works if you delegate a cgroup in advance (the cgroup2 delegation model enforces this restriction, not liblxc). Use a systemd command to delegate the cgroup. See the following links for instructions on how to do this on different distributions:
```

Reviewer: But is the required information actually included in the links for Ubuntu and Fedora?

> Running unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user only works if you delegate a cgroup in advance (the cgroup2 delegation model enforces this restriction, not liblxc). Use a systemd command to delegate the cgroup. This part of the documention is missing here and elsewhere:
> - [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/containers-lxc)
> - [Debian](https://wiki.debian.org/LXC/CGroupV2#LXC_containers_started_by_non-root)
> - [Arch Linux](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Linux_Containers#Enable_support_to_run_unprivileged_containers_(optional))
> - [Fedora](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/LXC)

Reviewer: New suggestion after discussion with @brauner :

```suggestion
To run unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user, the user must be allocated an empty delegated cgroup (this is required because of the leaf-node and delegation model of cgroup2, not because of liblxc). See [cgroups: Full cgroup2 support](/lxc/news/2020_03_25_13_03.html#cgroups-full-cgroup2-support) for more information.

Unfortunately, it is not possible to simply start a container from a shell as a user and automatically delegate a cgroup. Therefore, you need to wrap each call to any of the `lxc-*` commands in a `systemd-run` command. For example, to start a container, use the following command instead of just `lxc-start my-container`:

    systemd-run --unit=myshell --user --scope -p "Delegate=yes" lxc-start my-container
```

Reviewer: Would it make sense to replace all the following commands by the full commands including the systemd-run part?
It would make it easier to just copy them, but I'm a bit reluctant since it'll distract from the actual commands.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it make more sense to have some kind of wrapper script?
Or an alternative?
In the arch wiki I saw this solution:
https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Cgroups#User_delegation

I don't know enough about the cgroup topic so I would like to know what works, what is secure or more/less secure etc.

Either way I would like to have a way which does not mean to always having to type such a long command (even though everyone could write their own scripts, but thats a bit clunky).
This should be considered for LXD as well, even though that could be implemented in a seperate PR.

Reviewer: This sounds like a feature request to me - it's not anything that can be handled in a documentation PR. Want to open an issue?

Reviewer 2: Done lxc/lxd#9783.

Reviewer 2: Ok, so @stgraber closed my Request as it is not related to LXD. Someone can feel free to just copy the information to LXC, as it might be usable there.

Reviewer 2: Also interesting: https://github.com/lxc/linuxcontainers.org/issues/409#issuecomment-1011648365

Reviewer: Yes, I think we agree that the current documentation is misleading.
@Dmole , do you want to update your PR with my suggestion or a similar wording? Or should we close this PR and I make one to add the missing information?

The download template will show you a list of distributions, versions and architectures to choose from. A good example would be "ubuntu", "focal" (20.04 LTS) and "amd64".

To run unprivileged containers as an unprivileged user, the user must be allocated an empty delegated cgroup (this is required because of the leaf-node and delegation model of cgroup2, not because of liblxc). See [cgroups: Full cgroup2 support](/lxc/news/2020_03_25_13_03.html#cgroups-full-cgroup2-support) for more information.

It is not possible to simply start a container from a shell as a user and automatically delegate a cgroup. Therefore, you need to wrap each call to any of the `lxc-*` commands in a `systemd-run` command. For example, to start a container, use the following command instead of just `lxc-start my-container`:

    systemd-run --unit=my-unit --user --scope -p "Delegate=yes" -- lxc-start my-container

NOTE: If libpam-cgfs was not installed on the host machine prior to installing LXC, you need to ensure your user belongs to the right cgroups before creating your first container. You can accomplish this by logging out and logging back in, or by rebooting the host machine.

> A few seconds later your container will be created and you can start it with:

Reviewer: Also, the following command is missing.
